Previously on
"The Vampire Diaries"...
The cure to vampirism.
I knew you
wanted it for Elena.
What if I don't want
it for her now?
If anyone tries to flip
my humanity switch back on,
I'll become
your worst nightmare.
Ty, stop!
Hello, mother.
You believe
that I can reconnect Stefan
with his humanity.
And once we've done that,
then we will go
rescue my friends?
They were known as heretics,
vampires with witch power.
That woman
made me a monster
and then abandoned me.
Who's that?
Damon's lame attempt
to get my humanity back on.
And let me guess... then
you get my humanity back on.
I don't think so.
I will never leave you again.
Mother.
You have to go
after Caroline.
I'll find her.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Aw. An angel.
- How cute is this place?
- Adorable.
Ok. So I'll bite.
So you hunt me down in a bar,
where I am perfectly
content feeding
on the wait staff
so you can whine to me
about how your mom is a bitch...
What kind of mother doesn't
love her own children?
Whatever.
So she spun you a web of lies
and couldn't flip
your humanity switch back on,
and now you want to eat people,
which I am totally down for.
So... what the hell are we doing
in a B&B in Grove Hill?
Well, I figure we could
take a little break.
Ohhh.
Duh.
Stefan, voice-over:
First step... convince her
that my humanity is still off.
I'll tell her that my run-in with
our mother had no effect on me
and I want to keep
the party going.
Ah. Look at that.
St. Stefan has a plan.
Let me guess...
Whoever's holding the kitten
gets to talk
about their feelings.
Torture her until she breaks.
Sold.
So do I need to
remind you two that
the last time Caroline thought
that we were trying
to flip her switch
she went on a killing spree?
Well, she's not gonna
find out this time.
Who are you calling?
Hey. Can I get some towels
sent up to the room, please?
Thank you.
I'm hungry,
so I figure we can eat
whoever brings them up.
See?
He'll be convincing.
Fine. Say she believes you.
How do you know she's gonna
even want to see you again?
Oh, she'll want to see him.
Damon, shut up.
I mean, it's a bit of a tricky
bet for you, isn't it, brother?
She's gonna expect a lot.
Ok. What am I missing here?
Nothing.
Hang on a second.
- Did you and Caroline...
- Do it? Yep.
Oh. This was
after she flipped...
Never mind.
It's not exactly how
I wanted things to go down,
but I can't change it now,
so can we just drop it?
Ok. Sore subject.
Understood.
So what do we do once
you earn her trust?
We drain her of her blood,
make her weak,
and then bombard her
with everything
she used to care about...
Memories of who she was,
her friendships, her mom.
- Did you bring it?
- Yes.
What is that?
Caroline got rid of everything
from her former life.
Her mom had sent this letter,
intending for it to arrive
after she died,
which it did,
but Caroline had already
flipped her switch.
It could work.
Sure. Unless she wants
sexy Stefan time
instead of an assault
on memory lane.
I'm not gonna let that happen.
Now what are you doing?
Just making us some drinks.
- Such a gentleman.
- Hmm.
Dinner.
Towels!
Sure you want to do this?
Let's just get it over with.
Sync & corrections by Rafael UPD
www.addic7ed.com/
Stefan?
Yeah.
What happened?
We got caught.
Hello.
Hey. This is a surprise.
Well, you know, I was
just in the hood.
I thought I might
stop by and bring
my friend a little
morning pick-me-up.
Thanks.
What is this?
Uh, it's a mocha
latte frappasomethin'.
I don't know.
I guessed.
Clearly. So Elena told me that
you guys found Caroline,
which is great.
Funny enough, she didn't mention
anything about a cure
for vampirism?
Please don't tell me
you said anything.
I didn't. Apparently,
neither have you.
Well, yeah. Look.
I've been busy, you know?
My mom's in town.
I had to vampire-proof a B&B.
Do you have any idea
how many people
I had to compel
to make that happen?
Quite a few I am assuming,
which makes me wonder
how you had time
to bring your bud a coffee, hmm?
You ever hear of april lyrids?
Yeah, me neither.
Anyway, it's a stupid comet
that my mom thinks
that she's gonna use
to pull her friends out
of the 1903 prison world.
Ok, but we're not
letting her people out.
Well, I may have
reinforced that possibility
when I gave the ascendant
to her for safekeeping.
You what?!
Come here.
Damon, you were the one
that said her friends
are vampires who can do magic.
I think the PC term
is witchpire.
The term is freaks we've
never dealt with before.
But it doesn't matter
because she still needs you
to do the spell to open up
the door to 1903, Bonnie.
Oh. So that means she's
gonna come looking for me.
So we stall her.
Look. Lily's like
a bill collector.
You dodge her calls long enough,
she'll leave you alone.
No. Eventually,
they shut your power off.
You better fix this
before she becomes my problem.
And don't ever show up here
pretending to care about me again!
Oh. Did I tell you?
I got us into that cute
bakery right off campus.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
To taste wedding cake
for our wedding.
Oh.
I don't need to remind you.
Right around the corner.
Is this where I pretend to care
about how
our wedding cake tastes?
I just pulled
a rummy all-nighter
at a B&B we're supposed to
be scouting for the wedding.
You can care about cake.
Did I mention
that the cute bakery
is right next door to
an even cuter Tequila bar?
Mmm. Tequila.
My favorite.
Gin. Again.
How many is that?
Oh! Um, ahem.
Elena! Hey.
We were just keeping a really
close eye on your friends.
Yeah. Real close.
Yeah. I can see that.
Yeah.
Good news!
Your shift's over.
I'm here to relieve you.
In that case, I'm just gonna
head to the honeymoon suite.
Ahem.
Uh, supplies are right here.
Uh, cards are right there
just in case you get bored.
Supplies, cards, got it.
Yeah. Great.
So we'll see you in a few hours.
- Ric?
- Yeah?
It's really nice to
see you happy.
Oh, thanks.
I think they're awake, so...
Have fun with that.
Phew. Ok.
Err! Ohh!
They vampire-proofed a B&B.
How did they even know
we were here?
Why are you so calm?
Help me.
Because I already tried.
You're wasting your energy.
Ugh. Every move
I make feels like
sandpaper rubbing
against my veins.
They're drying us out.
First they drain our blood,
then they starve us.
I know how desiccation
works, Stefan.
Ah-ah. I wouldn't do
that if I were you.
I can literally feel
my cells shrinking.
You do realize that vodka
to a desiccating vampire is
like salt water to a human?
What's with the lecture?
Just shut up
and let me enjoy this.
Knock, knock.
Elena.
Let me guess...
Humanity police was your idea.
We really want you
back, Caroline.
Remember that time Jeremy died
and you turned off your humanity
and tried to kill
the prom queen,
aka your best friend Bonnie?
I forget.
Stefan, was that before or after
she killed some
waitress for no reason?
I think it was after.
Heh. You see,
Stefan and I are just finding it
a little ironic that you think
you're qualified
to tell us how to deal
with the death of a loved one.
I'm not here
to preach to you, Caroline.
I just came to show you this.
This letter from your mom
arrived at our dorm
just a few days
after her funeral.
Apparently there was something
she wanted to tell you.
Does this look real to you?
Her impeccably
perfect handwriting?
Yep. I remember
when she taught me
how to write my name in cursive.
So what,
am I supposed to read this
and snap back to sad,
pathetic, motherless Caroline?
- Burn it.
- What?
Did I say,
"stand there and look stupid"?
No. I said, "burn it."
Well, maybe I should
read it first.
Why do you care?
I mean, what happens if eventually
you get your humanity back
and you hate me for
destroying the last thing
your mom wanted to say to you?
Did those words seriously
just come out of your mouth?
God!
Burn it!
Now!
Stefan, don't!
No!
Sorry, Elena,
but if you want us back,
you're gonna have to try
a lot harder than that.
Hey, Matt.
Hey. Can I assume
that the woman who looks like
she's never been
in a restaurant before
is your lunch date?
Great. She's early.
So what do you want me to do?
Just wait 10 minutes,
tell her I'm running late,
and stall her
till I find what I need.
Ok.
Thought you were off
learning to be a sheriff.
Thanks to Stefan and Caroline,
I can barely tie
my shoe at the moment.
What, are you here
to stalk someone?
I'm through with all that.
I've decided a direct approach
is best.
One of your diners
owes me some answers.
I can't have any
trouble in here, man.
That will depend on how
this conversation goes.
I know you.
You came to my house
a few days ago.
Yes, and as chance
would have it,
your son and I are old friends.
My God.
Lorenzo.
It's you.
So you two know each other?
The phrase "small world"
comes to mind.
So does "epic understatement."
Uh, my lunch companion
has yet to arrive.
- Won't you join me for a drink?
- Don't mind if I do.
She burned the letter.
That was my ace in the hole.
I blew it.
Look.
The fact that you suck
at torturing people
is nothing to be ashamed of.
That's why you have me.
Well, at least Alaric
and Jo can cross this
off their list
of honeymoon options.
They have a list?
Mm-hmm. Jo's pregnant.
They didn't want to
have to fly anywhere?
Do you have a list?
Of where I'd go
on my fictional honeymoon
before I give birth
to my fictional baby?
No.
But not here.
I thought you liked this place.
Really?
What part of extreme
floral patterns
screams Elena Gilbert to you?
Well, excuse me, missy.
I guess we've never played
the let's pretend we're
human fantasy game together.
All right. Let's play.
You're human.
5 years from now, where are you?
Easy. With you.
Boring.
I'll need a zip code.
Ok. Uh, in a loft in Tribeca
above the bar that you work at.
You made me Matt Donovan
in your fantasy?
Ok. You... you own the bar,
and when you're
not working there,
you're... you're on our couch,
pouring me wine
and massaging my feet
after a long day at the O.R.
I'm in the surgical
residency program.
Of course you are.
Kids?
Yeah, of course, eventually,
but we should, um,
probably have two,
you know, so they can
keep each other company
when we're, you know, distracted
by other things.
Hmm.
You got it all
figured out, don't you?
How about you?
Your turn.
5 years from now, where are you?
Um...
Ugh!
This is torture!
Sounds like the rats
are restless.
Ugh. Like, actual torture.
Elena and Damon talking
about their future together.
Echh. Just... I want to die.
They'll make
a mistake eventually,
and when they do, we will pounce
and drain the first person
we can get our teeth on.
Oh, my God.
What I would do
for just a sip of human blood.
You know when you're
feeding on someone's neck
and their artery's
still pulsing?
I really love that.
I thought your veins
felt like sandpaper.
They do.
So take my mind off it.
Bored yet?
Go away, Damon.
Brought you some
real light reading
from the true crime section.
Curious...
which one of you idiots
attacked a stadium
security guard
and stuffed him
in a laundry cart?
That would have
been me.
Nice technique,
although it's probably
good that your mom's gone
because that would have
been a hell of a cover-up.
Why are you only picking on me?
Stefan's in here, too.
Annoy him.
Because Stefan didn't
snap a barback's
clavicle in half.
You know, it's really
quite sad actually.
I can see Liz right now,
calling the parents,
breaking the news,
wondering where
she went wrong as a mother.
She got cancer, Damon.
That is where she went wrong.
Oh! Blame her.
Healthy attitude, Caroline.
You know what?
You're right.
I should really
just be more like
you and Elena,
just play make-believe
about the future
that I can't have
because that's healthy.
Maybe I'll pretend I can
actually give birth to babies
and have a normal family,
and I can get a job
without having to move
and start over every 5 years.
I can operate on my patients
without wanting to feed on them.
You're a real bitch
when you're hungry.
I'm curious, Damon.
How does it feel to know
that you can't give
someone the life
that she really wants?
Shut up, Caroline.
I'm just stating
the facts, Elena.
You didn't want this life.
You can play fantasy
land all you want,
but in this life,
the one where you're a vampire,
you'll always be settling,
and it's just so sad.
- I can't listen to this.
- Elena.
I don't want to hear it, ok?
Uh... may I please
have a chicken sandwich
and a bowl of soup?
You bet, and that comes
with a side of fries or skins.
Um, I'm sorry.
Did you say skins?
I... I'm afraid I don't
know what that is.
Neither, thanks,
and I'm not eating.
Heh.
That was painful.
What's the matter?
Your all-blood diet
make you forget
how restaurants work?
My first time actually.
How did I do?
Was I a blithering idiot?
What are you talking about?
Oh, I figured you were aware.
I've been imprisoned
for the last 100 years.
That old chestnut.
Lily, you turned me and left me
on a passenger ship
full of headless corpses.
Wouldn't it be easier
to say you forgot
what cabin number I was in?
If only that were the case.
No. The night I turned you,
my friends and I were captured
by the Gemini coven.
Oh, I see.
All this time, you thought
that I abandoned you.
I would never do that, Lorenzo.
I will thank you not to mention
headless corpses again.
Those habits are all
in the past.
At least it gives you and Stefan
something to bond over.
Or maybe not.
It's not their fault,
but they remind me of
a very dark time in my life.
Not one for the maternal
instincts, I see.
On the contrary.
They were directed elsewhere.
You see, I was trapped
in that prison world
with 6 others,
caring for them as we starved,
surviving on two drops
of blood a week
just to preserve our rations.
Sounds like a chore.
Loyalty is never
a chore, Lorenzo.
At any rate, it's ill-bred
to speak of such
personal matters.
I do hope you're hungry.
It... it appears my lunch
date has stood me up...
Bonnie Bennett.
You see, my traveling companions
remain trapped
in that prison world.
Miss Bennett has offered
to get them out.
Oh, has she now?
Still looking.
She's gone.
I told you to stall her.
I couldn't.
She was with Enzo.
When did they leave?
I don't know,
but you better hurry up.
Do you know how many
places there are
to hide things in this house?
So kind of you
to bring me home.
Bonnie, are you ok?
Still, I think
you're wrong to worry
about the ascendant.
Damon assured me
all would be well.
You've got a lot
to learn about your son.
What do you mean by that?
Eh, he's not the most
trustworthy chap.
Figured you were aware.
Is this entertaining to you...
That the ascendant
has been taken from me,
that I've lost the only
means of rescuing my family?
Your family?
You know what I am, Lorenzo.
You saw the horror
on that ship.
The people in
that prison world are
the only thing that keep me
from becoming
that monster again.
Your real family is right here
in this house.
Get out.
Lily, relax.
I said get out!
Damon, Caroline's not right.
I'm not settling.
- But you do want to be human.
- You said it yourself.
If I was human,
we wouldn't work.
Exactly.
It wouldn't work.
Human you chose Stefan.
Why are you acting like this?
Just admit what you
really want, Elena.
What do you want me
to say, Damon?
You want me to say
that I'm never gonna be
100% ok with being a vampire
for the rest of eternity?
Fine, but I'm ok with that
because then that means
I get to be with you forever,
and just the thought of
that is good enough for me.
Why isn't it
good enough for you?
Oh, good.
Mommy dearest.
I'll let you take that.
This better be a pocket dial.
Where have you been?
What are you...
My mother?
Is it with you?
Is what with me?
The ascendant.
It's not where I left it,
and I very much doubt
the housekeeper took it.
Maybe you misplaced it.
It is the only thing
that can get my people back.
I did not misplace it.
Well, I don't have it,
so start pulling up
pillow cushions.
You have not heard me, son.
I need it back.
It's really not
a priority on my list
of problems right now, mother.
Find it,
or rest assured,
I can just as easily destroy
something of great
significance to you.
Tucked inside a shoebox.
Clearly you've learned the art
of hiding from your mother.
You wouldn't do that.
Bring me the ascendant,
or I will crush
the cure to vampirism
with my own hand.
Ugh. It's like
a million degrees in here.
Tell me about it.
He speaks.
You were so quiet
earlier when I was
tearing into Elena.
I was scared you were
feeling sad for her.
No. It was just hard to
get a word in, that's all.
Ohh. Much better.
I highly recommend it.
I'm good.
Thank you.
Are you sure?
Because I can give you
a hand if you want.
I said I'm good.
I heard you.
You know what else I hear?
Your heart,
and it's racing.
Am I making you nervous?
Caroline.
When did you flip it back?
Heh. What are you talking about?
Your humanity's been back on
this whole time, hasn't it?
Damon and Elena knew
where to find us
because you told them,
and that's why
they were only picking on me.
You must be having heatstroke.
How dumb do you
think I am, Stefan?
A few days ago,
you tore my clothes off.
Now you don't even
want to kiss me?
What's wrong, hmm?
What, you don't want
to take advantage of me?
You don't want to ruin
our nonexistent relationship?
Please stop.
Relax, Stefan.
I don't really feel like
kissing anymore.
Incendia.
Phesmatos de strutos
avox addellum.
Do not take another step.
You don't know what
you're doing, Bonnie.
I know exactly what I'm doing.
I'm protecting myself.
For the first time,
I'm putting me first.
Look. I'm all about girl power,
but just give me
the damn ascendant,
and I promise you
Kai will not get out.
Oh. You promise me?
Is that supposed
to mean something?
This isn't about Kai anymore.
The people
that that this would free
are a million times
stronger than him and us,
and don't get me
started on the fun
they would have with
a newly human Elena.
My mom has the cure, Bonnie.
What are you talking about?
If I don't bring her that,
she's gonna destroy it.
So your own mother
is leveraging you?
Guess the apple doesn't
fall far from the tree.
Phesmatos de strutos
avox addellum.
Stop!
Unh! Ohh!
If I hand this over to you,
I am sacrificing myself again,
I'm risking my life again.
I could end up dead again!
You don't want to
push me, Bon Bon.
What do you want,
for Elena to have a human life,
to be happy,
to grow old without you?
If that's what you
really wanted,
you would have given
her the cure by now.
Am I wrong?
I said, "am I wrong?"
I know you, Damon.
I spent 4 months with you,
day in and day out.
We went to hell
and back again literally,
and you're more scared now
than I have ever
seen you before.
It's not about what happens
if you don't give
Elena the cure.
You're scared about
what happens if you do.
If you think you can handle it,
free a bunch of people
who will want to kill me
and anyone else who tries
to stand in their way,
and then you can spend
the next 70 years
watching Elena grow old and die.
If that's what you want,
take it.
Oh, thank God.
Snack time.
Step out of the car.
Mom, what are you...
I said get out of the car.
You're under arrest
for the murders
of Chris Benton, Jason Hughes...
Mom, it's me.
It's Caroline.
I'm afraid you're mistaken.
My daughter's kind,
compassionate.
She looks after those in need.
You're not real.
You can't be real.
I raised my daughter
to be a good person.
Stop! I know what you're doing.
And she knows how hurt
I would be to see her this way.
Shut up! Stop!
You can't be here.
You are not my daughter!
I know what you're
doing to me, Stefan.
My mom died.
She's dead.
This isn't real.
It's working.
The pain you're feeling,
let it in.
Starve me, bleed me out,
put visions in my head?
That was your plan all along?
You need to come back
now, Caroline.
Just get away from me.
I want to show you something.
Just take my hand.
Unh!
I said get away from me.
I can help you if you let me.
Just please take my hand.
Please, Caroline.
Unh!
I don't want your help, Stefan.
I just want you to die.
Your heart's racing
again, Stefan.
Let me fix that.
Agh!
Caroline, please stop.
Ok.
Needle and thread as requested.
Do I want to know why
you suddenly decided
to take up sewing?
Heh. Well, Caroline and I spent
the entire day digging in
the woods to find a Teddy bear,
and now she wants to repair it.
She's very task-oriented.
Yes, I am aware.
What the hell is this?
It... it's a memory, a real one.
Thank you.
You, uh, should have
seen the look
on Caroline's face when
that bear fell apart.
You're a good friend
to her, Stefan.
I hope someday
you'll be more than that.
I'm dying.
I'm allowed to be blunt.
It's a time saver.
Well, I don't think
the timing is right
for me and Caroline right now
with everything going on.
Oh, blame me, why don't you?
No. I just mean if I'm gonna
start something with Caroline,
I want it to be perfect...
No loss, no pain, no grief.
You might be waiting a while.
I'm a patient guy.
Hey. Do you want me to
mail that out for you?
Oh. No, thanks.
I'm still working on it.
I'll mail it out tomorrow.
I have an idea
of what I want to say.
It's just...
I guess I want it
to be perfect, too.
You're a good mom.
I hope so.
I want to see the rest.
Let me see her!
Wait, wait.
Mom!
Mom! It's me!
It's Caroline.
Just come outside.
I want to talk to you.
I want to read your letter!
Please. Mommy!
Mom, please.
Come back.
Make her come back.
I can't.
No. Just show me
the vision again, ok?
I... I want to see
my mom, Stefan.
I... I need to know what
she said in that letter.
- I already gave you the letter.
- No.
No.
No!
What do you think
she wanted to tell me?
Whatever it was, it's gone.
No.
I did this.
This is all my fault.
No.
I tried to kill you,
and then I made you turn it off,
and then we...
Oh, my God.
It's ok, Caroline.
It's ok.
I'm so sorry, Stefan.
I ruined everything.
Tell me you have the ascendant.
I can't, because I don't.
Then you understand what's
going to happen next.
Oh, it will just be
like old times.
I screw up,
and you punish me for it.
Some things never change.
Spare me your indignation.
We both know I did you a favor.
That sense of relief
you feel right now,
that's the realization
that Elena will never leave you.
You made her choice for her.
There's no harm in that.
As long as you're happy,
she never needs to know.
Although wait a minute.
Making Elena yours forever,
that's exactly what you want.
That wouldn't be
a punishment at all.
Damon!
Damon, is this...
The cure to vampirism.
I left it out for you to find
since Damon was never
going to offer it to you.
Is that true?
Elena, I can explain.
Looks like you two have
a lot to talk about.
Ahh.
How is she?
What are you doing?
I am going home for
a shower and a stiff drink.
What about Caroline?
She doesn't want to see me.
Stefan, every emotion
she's been pushing away
just came racing back
at a 100 miles an hour.
Yeah. I don't need
a lesson on how
the humanity switch works, Ric.
Trust me. She doesn't
want to see me.
Maybe you should let Caroline
decide what she needs.
Hey.
- Caroline...
- Don't.
Don't.
You ok?
How can I be ok after everything
that I ruined?
Just don't worry about me.
I'm not gonna turn it off again,
but you... and...
Us...
This...
I just really need
to get out of here.
You came.
In 1903, I was sick.
My own family had abandoned me,
and you took me under your wing
and rescued me from death.
As it turns out,
loyalty is important to me, too.
They make cars so quiet now.
One hardly hears them coming.
I was out for a walk
to clear my head.
I very nearly
caused an accident.
I apologized of course,
but I'd given
the driver quite a shock
by walking in front of his car.
His heart was
beating like a drum.
I could see
the pulse in his neck,
and in that moment,
I forgot all my troubles.
I felt no pain,
no despair, no loneliness.
I fear it got the best of me.
What have I done?
What have I done?!
It's ok.
You're ok.
So that whole
5 years from now game
and all that talk
about our future?
Not so subtle
in hindsight, was it?
I mean, I get it,
but if I take this,
everything changes.
I just never thought
I would see it again.
That makes two of us.
My mother threatened
to destroy that today...
- And I didn't stop her.
- Why not?
Because your fantasy of 5 years
from now scared the hell out of me.
I panicked.
Damon, it was just
a stupid game.
All I see in 5 years
from now is you.
You see your entire future,
and I want you to have that.
I want you to live in a big city
and be a surgeon
and have a family.
Then why would you
keep it a secret from me
for so many days and then
try to have it destroyed?
Because I'm an idiot
and I'm selfish
and I'm so in love with you
and I don't want to lose you.
It's just...
It's just too complicated.
We're gonna give it
to somebody else.
Bonnie's mom or Caroline.
Already tried to pawn it off.
Fine. Then I'm sure
there's a long list
of vampires
who would give anything
for a do-over.
You're gonna take
the cure, Elena.
Well, I don't want it, Damon.
I don't want to live
without you either.
You're gonna take
the cure, Elena,
and I'm gonna take it with you.
What?!
I don't want to face
my future without you.
I'll become human, too.
Sync & corrections by Rafael UPD
www.addic7ed.com/